
--- URL: https://encoreuranium.com/_resources/news/nr-20150106.pdf ---
 
   
 
     News Release 
        TSX.V:EU 
January 6th, 2015 
        NR15-01 
      www.encoreenergycorp.com  
 
RICHARD CHERRY APPOINTED TO ENCORE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
Hayden, Idaho , January 6th, 2015 – enCore Energy  Corp. (TSX -V: EU) (“enCore” or the “Company ”) 
announced today that it has named Mr. Richard Cherry to the enCore Board of Directors.   
 
Richard M. Cherry, Director 
Mr. Cherry is a veteran executive of the nuclear industry, having worked for several leading companies 
in the areas of uranium mining, production, conversion, marketing and power generation operations for 
40 years. He is currently employed as a consultant to the uranium mining industry.  
 
Mr. Cherry previously served as President and CEO of Cotter Corporation and Nuclear Fuels Corporation, 
both affiliates of General Atomics Corporation. Mr. Cherry was responsible for all aspects of Cotter’s 
mining and milling operations in Colorado, including uranium and vanadium ores with over 200 
employees. His participation in Nuclear Fuels Corporation made him responsible for the worldwide 
uranium marketing efforts for all General Atomics’ affiliates.  
 
Mr. Cherry also s erved as Vice President of ConverDyn and Nuclear Fuels Corporation.  ConverDyn is a 
joint venture between Honeywell International and General Atomics focused on  marketing uranium 
conversion services to large electrical utilities worldwide. Mr. Cherry has international experience having 
served UG, U.S.A Inc. of Atlanta , Georgia as Vice  President. UG U.S.A Inc. is the US subsidiary of the 
German uranium trading company based in Frankfurt, which trades all forms of nuclear fuel. Mr. Cherry 
also served as the Regional  Director-Far East for Sequoyah Fuels Corporation marketing the Company’s 
uranium conversion services to clients in Japan, South Korea and Taiwan.   
 
Mr. Cherry also previously served as CEO  & President of Zenith Minerals,  a private uranium mining 
company, CEO & Director of Uranium Internationa
