
--- URL: https://s28.q4cdn.com/689791248/files/doc_financials/2020/ar/CW-Proxy-2021-Final.pdf ---
13048
Dear Valued Stockholder:
You are cordially invited to attend the annual meeting of stockholders of Curtiss-
Wright Corporation to be held on Thursday, May 6, 2021, at the Homewood Suites by
Hilton, 125 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036, commencing at
1:00 p.m. local time.
We intend to hold the annual meeting of stockholders in person. The proxies that
we solicit give you the opportunity to vote on all scheduled matters that come before
the annual meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend, you can be sure that your
shares are represented by promptly voting and submitting your proxy by phone or by
internet as described in the following materials. If you want proxy materials mailed to
you, you can make a request by completing, signing, dating, and returning your proxy
card enclosed with those materials in the postage-paid envelope provided to you.
In addition, we continue to actively monitor developments in relation to the
COVID-19 pandemic and the related recommendations and protocols issued and that
may be issued by public health authorities and governments. The health and well-
being of our employees and stockholders is a high priority, and we are sensitive to the
public health and travel concerns our stockholders may have. Accordingly, if we
determine that it is not possible to hold our annual meeting of stockholders in person,
we will announce alternative arrangements for the meeting, which may include a
change in venue or holding the meeting virtually. We will announce any such change
and the details on how to participate by press release and posting details on our
website at https://investors.curtisswright.com/governance/annual-meeting, which will
also be filed with the SEC as proxy material. If you are planning to attend our annual
meeting of stockholders, please check our website the week of the meeting. As
always, we encourage you to vote your shares by proxy prior to the annual meeting of
stockholders.
The global economic effects ass
