
--- URL: https://s22.q4cdn.com/253594569/files/doc_financials/2024/ar/2025-Deere-Company-Proxy-Statement-Web.pdf ---
NOTICE OF
MEETING & PROXY
STATEMENT
Virtual Annual Meeting
2025 ANNUAL
February 26, 2025
MESSAGE FROM OUR CHAIRMAN 
AND LEAD DIRECTOR 
January 10, 2025 
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS, 
On behalf of the Board of Directors and the senior management team, we are 
pleased to invite you to join Deere & Company’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders, 
which will be held virtually on Wednesday, February 26, 2025 at 10 a.m. Central 
Standard Time (CST). You may join at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DE2025. 
 
At this meeting, you will have a chance to vote on the matters set forth in the accompanying Proxy Statement. 
We will also report on our business and provide an opportunity for shareholders to ask questions. 
Since our founding in 1837, Deere & Company has conducted business essential to life, guided by a simple 
principle: We run so life can leap forward. Our commitment is to empower our customers toward creating 
economically and environmentally sustainable businesses essential for providing the world's necessities—food, 
fuel, clothing, shelter, and infrastructure. 
Our journey is driven by our Smart Industrial Operating Model, a beacon that lights our path to understanding 
our customers and innovating on their behalf. This strategy not only highlights the challenges they face but also 
frames the technological opportunities that lie ahead.  
An example of this is the groundbreaking products we launched in 2024, including the S- and T-Series combines 
and the new high-horsepower 9RX tractor—just to name a few. Each of these innovations is specifically 
designed to address challenges faced by our customers, such as unpredictable weather, labor shortages, and 
rising costs. These innovations are not just machines; we believe they're game changers equipped with advanced 
automation designed to boost harvest quality and efficiency. Furthermore, our JDLink™ Boost is revolutionizing 
rural connectivity, empowering dedicated farmers in remote areas to improve their outcomes. 
We ar
