
--- URL: https://assets.oceanagold.com/documents/Reports/Annual-General-Meetings/2026/1-2026-AGM-Notice-of-Meeting-Final-website.pdf ---
Notice of 2026 Annual General and 
Special Meeting of Shareholders
We invite you to attend the Annual General and Special Meeting (Meeting) of the shareholders (Shareholders) of OceanaGold 
Corporation (Company or OceanaGold) that will be held virtually on:
Tuesday, June 9, 2026 ( Canada) 12:00pm (EDT)
Virtual Meeting via live audio webcast
Webcast link: https://www.meetnow.global/MNHGK99
The Meeting will be held for the following purposes:
1. T o receive and consider the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Company for the year 
ended December 31, 2025, together with the auditor’s 
report therein;
2. T o elect the directors of the Company to hold office until 
the next annual meeting of Shareholders;
3. T o re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the 
auditor of the Company to hold office until the next 
annual meeting of Shareholders and to authorize the 
Board of Directors to fix their remuneration;
4. T o consider and, if thought advisable, approve a 
non-binding advisory resolution on the Company’s 
approach to executive compensation, as more 
particularly described in the accompanying 
Management Information Circular (Circular);
5. T o consider and, if thought advisable, approve a 
resolution to hold the next annual general meeting of 
Shareholders exclusively in a virtual-only format, as more 
particularly described in the Circular; and
6. Transact such other business as may properly 
come before the Meeting or any adjournment(s) or 
postponement(s) thereof.
The Board of Directors of the Company has opted for a 
virtual-only format for the Meeting, to be conducted via live 
audio webcast. Shareholders cannot attend the Meeting in 
person but can participate online from any location. Detailed 
participation instructions are included in the Circular.
Meeting Materials
Enclosed with this Notice of Annual General and Special 
Meeting is the Circular detailing matters to be dealt with at 
the Meeting. As an owner of common shares of the Company 
on A
